feat(changelogs): Migrate fetchReleaseNotes to fetchChangeLogs (#25364)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Reviewer: Please use changelogs (plural with 's') instead of changelog within docs

}
```

> ## fetchChangeLogs

Reviewer 2: You're changing some headings, which may be used in links.

Did you check if you need to update any links?

Author: @HonkingGoose 
I can't find any usage of "#fetchreleasenotes" in the source code

Use this config option to configure changelogs/release notes fetching.
The available options are:

- `off` - disable changelogs fetching
- `branch` - fetch changelogs while creating/updating branch
- `pr`(default) - fetches changelogs while creating/updating pull-request

> It is not recommended to set fetchChangeLogs=branch unless you are embedding changelogs in commit information, because it results in a performance decrease.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Avoid setting `fetchChangeLogs=branch`, because this slows down Renovate.
But if you're embedding changelogs in commit information, you may use `fetchChangeLogs=branch`.
```

}
```

## fetchChangeLogs

> Use this config option to configure release notes fetching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this config option to configure changelog/release notes fetching.
```

Reviewer: Please use the "Resolve conversation" button for all resolved suggestions
